11 digital marketing tools when you have
no team
i want you to try out these 11 useful
digital marketing tools especially if
you have no team to help you out
marketing has so many moving parts and
it's expensive to hire people especially
because of that great resignation that
ended up happening and people can now
work from anywhere from writing ad copy
to finding keyword ideas for your
content marketing efforts there are
quite a few disciplines that you need to
work on when you're running a marketing
campaign and when you're a solo
entrepreneur or you're a solo marketer
you need to navigate through these areas
without embarrassing yourself or poorly
crafting your marketing assets when
you're in front of your clients but
here's the thing if you had to master
all these you wouldn't be able to run a
marketing campaign before spending weeks
all figure it out but luckily there's
tools so it can just speed up the whole
process and today i'm going to go over
them because they're going to help you
move faster more efficiently and on a
budget
back when i started doing marketing
there weren't a lot of tools helped me
out i had to do a lot of tests manually
literally i was even copying and pasting
a lot of stuff some days i spent like
five hours copying and pasting literally
rows of items and just putting them into
a spreadsheet
and while i could do that when i had
just a handful of clients when i started
growing things it just became really
tricky and i don't want to pay people to
just keep doing all this stuff manually
because it's a poor use of money if i
didn't hire people to eventually help me
out and try to use tools once they
existed i wouldn't have grown my
operation to where it was today
today though things are different and
you have tools at your fingertips and
you don't have to go through the pain
that i had to go through and best of all
some of them are free so you don't even
have to spend any money in other words
you have no excuse so let's dive in
there's magic x
magic x uses artificial intelligence to
analyze your paid ad campaign and
automatically fine tune it for maximum
performance instead of spending all that
time where you would be analyzing
numbers coming up with the optimization
plan you can use magic x
answer the public this is another tool
that helps you get different ways that
people search and figure out how their
mind works so that way you know what
information that you need to create from
a content standpoint from answering
questions that people have or
comparisons or prepositions you'll find
all of that and sometimes even thousands
of variations in answer the public
next you got unsplash
when you're doing marketing you're going
to need lots of images whether it's for
your paid ads social media or even your
own blog post looking up images takes a
lot of time unsplash is great and best
of all it's free it doesn't cost 100 a
month or even a thousand a year or
anything crazy like that it costs you
zero
next we have hunter when you're doing
marketing you need to get in touch with
different people you want to really be
browsing the web trying to find
everyone's email and searching for it no
you just go on hunter and it'll tell you
the email of that person who runs the
website and that's cool because when
you're doing link building or outreach
to the website owner you'll be able to
get a hold of them much quicker using
hunter it's like magic for finding email
addresses
and it has a free chrome extension that
allows you to search up to 25 emails a
month
then you've got google data studio which
is also free imagine if you had a visit
tens of different pages from your google
analytics facebook page insights and
other analytics solutions just keep an
eye on everything that's just too much
work
these days you don't have to it all fits
into google data studio it's a shortcut
lets you put all your data in one place
for free you come up with the really
nice good-looking dashboards that will
give you the answers to any of your
questions it also is a great tool for
reports for clients and you can even
give them live access so they can just
log in and see everything now let's look
at ai tools that run serp analysis when
you're creating content for seo you'll
have to find a lot of different topics
on google do tons of searches to figure
out not just what topics to write about
but what are your competitors doing so
that way you can write way better
content in the last few years a few
great platforms have come up and they do
most of that work for you and here's
some of the best platforms to check out
phrase.i o market muse clearscope seo
scout
grammarly grammarly is great especially
if you're like me and you have terrible
grammar and spelling and you know when
you think about grammarly it's not
really a specific marketing tool but you
need good grammar no one wants to read
content that's hard to read because of
spelling and grammar and it'll fix all
that for you the last tool i have for
you uber says chrome extension
look uber says great tool you can use it
for free but when you're on google and
you're doing your searches and you're
looking up your competitors or even on
their website wouldn't just like to
click a button and see all the seo stuff
well you can with uber says you can
click the you button when you're on
someone's website to give you all the
data or when you're doing a google
search it shows you all the data there
too